Ray MVP docs (including new features) (#261)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/ray/supported-versions-and-other-limitations.md

# Supported versions and other limitations

> The current version is `MVP` which means it works enough to bring you the actual value. 

Reviewer: not much meaning here... let's try to describe what we mean by "actual value"

```suggestion
The current version of Ray on Golem is an MVP. We believe it to be sufficiently easy to use and free of errors to allow people interested in running simple Ray applications to be able to use it without too much hassle.
```

> We are working on supporting all Ray use cases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are continually working on enhancing it to ultimately support all features of Ray and to enable all of its use cases.
```

> If you want to do anything that isn't working please let us know
> (on [`#Ray on Golem` discord channel](https://chat.golem.network/)) - 
> we would happily add missing features and assist you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find any bugs or issues or would like to discuss missing features
that are critical to what you're working on, please let us know
(on [`#Ray on Golem` discord channel](https://chat.golem.network/)) - 
we will be happy to assist you.
```
